cover: TBD
 
back cover - reviews? blank?

front piece: Title TBD

publisher's page

dedication

blank

--------- Story proper

001 - right: Chapter 1

<full page panel>

[TBD series title; volume title; long wide shot; in the background is a hill; roiling clouds meet the horizon, lightning flashes in the distance, underlightnig the clouds in isolated spots. Black rain falls in the distance. In the mid-ground we see the back of a loan figure in ragged cloth, trudging, stumbling forward, arm raised to shield his eyes. Skeletal trees dot the landscape.]

002 - left

<six panels; top third split evently between three, bottom two thirds three panels, skewing from bottom left to top right, to give sense of motion>

[figrue stands before a twisted black tree, a white dove stands out against the background; there's something in it's mouth] Narration/bird/Yawheh: "The rains are coming..."

[dove with olive branch in beak center frame; we see the branch on which the dove sits, naked branches in the background; dove's eyes directly forward] Narration/bird/Yawheh: "Prepare yourself."

[same shot, dove has turned towards sound, left page]

[bottom left panel, medium shot, figure in foreground leaning towards right, left arm raised, looking to page left, right arm down, in stumbling motion towards right; see tree just fills the mid-ground; dove has leapt into the air, moving towards right, more cracking from the left, indistinct dark shape moving from the left]

[bottom right panel, view has turned towards the sound on the left; flash of lightning shows t-rex, velociraptor style dino breaking through the dead brush] "Beware!"

[we see the the same landscape, contours and trees match, but the it's a cloudless night, moon and stars shine; the steppe is alive and we see muted colors in the moonlight; contrasting with the harsh blacks and starkness of the previous sequence] Snap! [unseen voice] "Quite fool!"

003 - right

<five panels; top and bottom third split evenly, middle third given to long shot of the wall>

[view shifts to other side of the tree which has run through the panels, two figures are crouched behind the trunk, peering around at a small cluster of mud and thatch buildings in the clearing that the tree bounds. A rough 4-5 foot wall surrounds the buildings. One of the figures is motioning forward]

[we have closed 1/2 the distance to the cluster of the buildings, following the two figures as crouch-run towards the buildings, other figures can be seen fanning out; about half the men are carrying standard weapons (spears, daggers, swords); half are holding nets with belted weapons]

[view looking along length of wall, form outside, sharpened stakes protrude from the base of the wall. The two figures we've been following crouch awkwardly in front of the stakes, the group leader, is motioning towards the ground, two new people are gingerly stepping over tripwires. There is a small whistle, which appears as a pendent, not clearly a whistle yet, tied closely around the group leader's neck; there's enough slack to bring the whistle to his lips.]

[we are focused again on the first two, we see part of the new figures off to the side, the group leader's companion is starting to stand, putting his weight on the stakes in order, preparing to mount the wall]

[the stake gives way, the companion is falling, the group leader is leaning away to avoid being hit, we see part of one of the other figures sprawled in the background, noise is coming from other portions of the compound as other groups find themselves in similar predicaments]

004 - left

<two panels, split diagonally; important that this is on the left page, it's a 'reveal shot'>

[Noah risen from behind the  wall, spear held cocked back, there is a large knife (cane knife) in his belt on the left side, across his chest is two ropes made of twisted fabric, forming an X used to hold back the rest of his clothing close to the body, similar to the manner a Samurai would tie up before entering battle to keep the fabric close and out of the way; his girdle is tied closed around the waist and thighs for the same purpose; clearly the forewarning has given him time to prepare; his mouth is wide, yelling; we see a stone inner wall revealed behind the mud facade; (the wall is designed to fall away when mounted); the camanion and group leader are sprawled back in the immediate foreground, partially visible]

[same shot, the companion, who had fallen back now has a spear in his chest, the group leader, with a terrified expression has put the whistle to his lips and is blowing hard. From one of the other assailants, off screen, we see dialog] "To the west wall! He's here!" [Having thrown the spear, Noah has deftly followed through, reaching across his body to the cane knife on his left waist. We catch him mid-leap, a bout to draw the knife.]

005 - right

<three panels; split roughly evenly in the vertical, top half split evenly horizontally>

[Shem in the mid-ground at the north wall, looking to the west (left), holds a large femur bone as a club, the end is darkened, a body is sprawled face dawn across the top of the wall, two other assailants are seen in the background, falling back and also looking to the west]

[Similar scene with Ham, holding a large curved axe with a stiff hide buckler on his arm. The view is from the other side of the wall, so Ham, also looking to the west, to his right; visually both look to the left side of the page]

[Japheth, from behind, wielding a sickle and machete, has caught an assailants strike in the crook of the sickle, pushing the attackers blade down, pulling the attacker forward under the raised machete. He's simultaneously turning his body and yelling.] "Ham, cover Father! Concentrate the wives will cover the south!" [Towards the background, we see two more assailants, one pulling himself over the wall, one arm and leg up, another is standing behind the wall, hands on the wall, about to pull himself up. They are not moving to join the western assault; they are coming at Japheth.]

006 - left

<three panels; top bottom split evenly; top split evenly between 1st and second panels>

[medium shot; two men stand close; one holds a small "field tablet" in one hand a stylus in the other; the second man is peering at the battle; view is from the second man's right side, canted so that we clearly se both men; the action is happening in front of them, off screen; they are both decked out in clearly higher quality kit; the first man is relatively lightly armed with a large dagger at his hip; the second man, closer to the camera, holds a dual-purpose spear has a high quality curved sword at his hip.] Enforcer: "The norther and souther sons move to defend their father. Capture is unlikely."

[tighter shot, same angle; upper torso shot, the leader snorts/sneers; he's unhappy with the mission] "Maybe there's something to the stories after all." (Ed: it should be sarcastic, how to convey?)

[shot of the field tablet; the walls and dwellings are marked out; a circled X is drawn on the west wall, x's have been scratched at each of the other walls; the a single barbed arrow points from the north and south x's to the circled X; hashes are drawn outside each of the walls; the north and south hashes are also shown as moving to the west.] Overall leader: "Well, this is why we have back up plans."

007 - right; NOTE: I think to fine tune the choreography this scene right, we're going to need to enact it; need maybe ten people to play the mobile parts

<five panels; four even top to bottom splits; bottom panel split vertically>

[we see Noah in profile from the right, his right arm, holding the cane knife he was drawing last we saw him, is tangled in a net; his arm is down, the weights attached to the edge of the dangling, the lowest resting on the ground; to his left is the compound wall; Noah is to the left of the shot, two attackers face him, one holds a net, the other (ostensibly the guy who threw the net around Noah's arm) has draw a bladed weapon]

[same shot, attackers have started to come forward, Noah has brought his right arm across body in order to circle the net weights around behind, we catch this mid-stroke]

[the net weights connect with the foreground attacker (with the bladed weapon); the assailant has his arm up to block, but has only caught the netting, the weights pivot across the arm to connect with his head; the assailant in the foreground is in the process of throwing the net; Noah is crouching; the second assailant is in the process of throwing the net]

[same basic position, but narrower shot, second net coming towards Noah as he leaps to avoid it while continuing the swinging motion of his arm]

[new position: from Noah's right, we see the compound wall moving in the background. Noah is crouching, we see the second net caught on the wall stacks to his left, the first net spread to his right (page left); he's drawn a small knife and is using it to cut the net; the remaining attacker has drawn his blade and is charging]

008 - left

<two panels; slanting divide>

[same angle from previous page; Noah has made a little progress in freeing his arm; attacker is spinning to his right (turning towards the camera) with an arrow in the upper-right torso]

[shot from top of the compound, the four wives, each with a crossbow, one has just fired and is continuing to site, two are looking for targets, and the fourth is re-tensioning; TODO: want something clever that allows the lady's to use their weight with the bows; this will allow them to get 100+ lbs of tension in the string; crank bows take too much sophisticated metal work, maybe they hang the string across a post and then hang? How does the catch engage? Some kind of "belly bow" also a possibility, but those can be unwieldily… potentially a separable belly bow where the crossbow fits into a mechanism that allows the loader to use her weight, but then the bow is removed]

009 - right

<two panels>

[Noah has freed his arm, is standing in front the wall; the north and south attackers have arrived, about 9 in all form a rough circle around Noah; Ham and Shem are standing on the wall behind Noah.] Ham: "Japheth was right, they've come for you Father."

[same shot, attackers advance, Shem and Ham leap from the wall].

010 - left

[shot of wall, the enforcer and three other well equipped men with large hide shields, arrows protruding, have laid two  timbers, roughly planed on top and bottom, across the wall to create a rude ramp; two more are dragging another set of timbers]

[the first two attackers have mounted the wall and taken a position on either side of the ramp, they each hold a rope, tied to the end of the remaining timbers which they are hoisting up; the remaining attackers are at the back of the timbers]

[the front of the timbers are over the wall, the first two attackers have now jumped to the far side and are pulling the timbers into position while the second two continue to push]

[the timbers have been pulled into position and the first two attackers weight at their end of the timbers; we see the second two coming over the wall]

011 - right




009 - right

TODO: Noah breaks through and manages to kill one of the marauders, but the enforcer and another escape to the other perimeter where they mount a dino and ride off; he turns back to see the rest of remaining enemy breaking up and fleeing now that the leader has left

010 - left

TODO: Ham mops up, tells Shem to check on the women, N, S, and H's wives run out yelling that J's wife is gone

011 - right

TODO: J and Noah join group; J observes that they didn't brig the dinos in close, they must have known about the pits; N. observes they must be heading for the city, but J should follow immediately just in case; we will meet up at the eastern gate on morrow's eve

012 - left

TODO: J's wife is riding in front of the enforcer on a dino; hands tied, convinces him to tie a red scarf she carries with her around her head "as modesty demands and the chill air recommends"

013 - right

TODO: Japheth kneels in front of camel; "They've gone to rocky ground." Releases an owl. "Let's see which Archimedes can see."; shot of owl flying off; Japheth just waiting, final panel: owl hoots in distance, Japheth says "that's my girl" as he mounts the camel

014 - left

TODO: back at the compound, they plan preparations for S to take the women and hide in the mountains and for N & H to follow J. at first light and head for the city

015 - Chapter 2

- J in the city
- gathers intel; learns a powerful courtier has become obsessed with the story of Noah's prophetic visions (Noah had warned some village before it was destroyed, told another to not graze cattle in a certain field or they would die, that kind of thing)
- discovers the courtiers house
- decides he can't rescue wife alone, but wants to push the action over concerns of abuse
- gives note and red scarf (that's their thing) to boy to meet N & H
- attempts to bribe guard; he knows it'll end up a double cross, and the fact that he sent the boy to meet N & H is a clue, but reader isn't told directly
- guard double crosses and J is captured

